
DO NOT EDIT BELOW - Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)

# cron
    import "."


	  This package implements a simplistic Cron Job system that calls functions and
	  closures on given days/times. If you need events that fire more often than
	  once a second, use time.Ticker or time.After instead. The event must be able
	  to accept a Time object (though it doesn't have to use it).
	
	  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
	  Copyright 2011 Robert Kosek <thewickedflea@gmail.com>. All rights reserved.
	
	  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are
	  permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
	
	     1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of
	        conditions and the following disclaimer.
	
	     2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list
	        of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
	        provided with the distribution.
	
	  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ROBERT KOSEK ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
	  WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
	  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ROBERT KOSEK OR
	  CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
	  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
	  SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
	  ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
	  NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
	  ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
	
	  The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of the
	  authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressed
	  or implied, of Robert Kosek.
	
	 Portions (c) 2012-2015 David Rook see git blame for attribution
	
	 This is my fork of github.com/rk/go-cron by Robert Kosek
	
	  1)	Replaced -1 by any for readability improvement
	  2)	Changed *time.Time to time.Time  WHY: pointer to time struct useful if you
	  need to change something that gets back to the caller.  Not the case here. Otherwise
	  go style (as I understand it) suggests not using pointers if not required.
	  3)	Added cron_test.go example of usage
	  4) 	Added yearly job (just for completeness)
	  5)	Added a little more to docs
	  6)	Unexport ANY --> any
	  7)	Make resolution (CheckDelay) an exported variable
	
	  A sample task looks like this:
	
	  func mytask(t time.Time) {
		fmt.Printf("time = %s\n", t.String())
	  }
	
	  A skeletal main program that will run for at least a year looks like this:
	
	  func main() {
	  	NewDailyJob(any,any,5,mytask)
	  	time.Sleep(366 * 24 * time.Hour)
	  }





## Variables
``` go
var (
    CheckDelay = time.Duration(1 * time.Second) // minimum delay between checks
)
```

## func NewCronJob
``` go
func NewCronJob(month, day, weekday, hour, minute, second int8, task func(time.Time))
```
This function creates a new job that occurs at the given day and the given
24hour time. Any of the values may be -1 as an "any" match, so passing in
a day of -1, the event occurs every day; passing in a second value of -1, the
event will fire every second that the other parameters match.


## func NewDailyJob
``` go
func NewDailyJob(hour, minute, second int8, task func(time.Time))
```
NewDailyJob creates a job that fires daily at a specified time.


	Take a vitamin pill reminder.


## func NewMonthlyJob
``` go
func NewMonthlyJob(day, hour, minute, second int8, task func(time.Time))
```
NewMonthlyJob creates a job that fires monthly at a given time on a given day.


	Pay the rent on the 5th of the month.


## func NewWeeklyJob
``` go
func NewWeeklyJob(weekday, hour, minute, second int8, task func(time.Time))
```
NewWeeklyJob creates a job that fires on the given day of the week and time.


	Go to spinning class at the Y on Tuesday.


## func NewYearlyJob
``` go
func NewYearlyJob(month, day, hour, minute, second int8, task func(time.Time))
```
NewYearlyJob creates a job that fires yearly at a given time on a given month and day.


	Birthday reminder.









- - -
DO NOT EDIT ABOVE - Generated by [godoc2md](http://godoc.org/github.com/davecheney/godoc2md)

github.com/hotei/go-cron imports 
```
	errors
	runtime
	sync
	sync/atomic
	syscall
	time
	unsafe
```
```
deadcode results:

```
